# Lab 9

We talked about the steps that we could possibly take to deploy a website. I want you to think about the combination of those things that you would consider if you had to deploy your website. This is a good thinking exercise to do because you gain insight to what all of the different steps entail and are responsible for. Write out what parts you would use below and describe why. It doesn't have to be the most detailed but personally what would you want to do? (I'm not looking for perfect but it should be a working configuration. Assuming all of the website code is done. I don't need to hear about that unless its for the certificate or web server).

<!-- Answer Down Here -->
If I had to deploy my website, I wouldn't use the first step because I already have a github account, and I wouldn't need step 2 because I already have a repository where I can store all of the content required for my website to function correctly. However, when I get to step 3, I'll need to add a remote to my terminal (the url of the repository that will store the contents for my website) and label it as the origin in order to specify the repository using Github so that instead of typing the long remote URL over and over, I can simply refer to it as "origin" later on, making my work easier. Following this, I would add all of my content to my Git Staging area, commit my changes, and push it to the Git repository. Following this, I would add all of my content to my Git Staging area, commit my changes, and push it to the Git repository. After I've done this, I'll be able to start deploying my website by using my terminal to push all of my contents to my Github account repository; but, before that can happen, I will be required to enter my Github username and password, which if entered correctly will enable  me  to deploy my website.
